source_field	dwc_field	from_value	to_value	comments
size_min_um		0	>0

# deleted in WoRMS
	scientificNameID	103987	601409
	scientificNameID	389491	118074

bvol_scientific_name		Algae	Biota

#NAT
scientific_name		Algae	Biota
scientific_name		Unicells_and_flagellates	Biota
scientific_name		Vanella	Vannella
scientific_name		Dinoflagellate	Dinophyceae
scientific_name		Haptophyceae	Coccolithophyceae
scientific_name		Heliocostomella subulata	Helicostomella subulata
scientific_name		Unicells and flagellates	Biota
	scientificName	Unicells and flagellates	Biota
scientific_name		Unicell	Biota
	scientificName	Unicell	Biota
scientific_name		Gonyaulax digitalis	Gonyaulax digitale
scientific_name		Dictyocha speculum	Octactis speculum
scientific_name		Scrippsiella trochoidea	Scrippsiella acuminata
scientific_name		Thalassiosira angustelineata	Thalassiosira anguste-lineata
scientific_name		Bacterosira constricta	Thalassiosira constricta
scientific_name		Gymnodinium simplex	Protodinium simplex

#REG RECIP PROJ
scientific_name		Gyrodinium sp.	Gyrodinium
scientific_name		Actinocylus octonarius	Actinocyclus octonarius
scientific_name		Dictyosphaerium ehrenberg	Dictyosphaerium ehrenbergianum
scientific_name		Scuticociliate	Scuticociliatia
scientific_name		Thallassiosiraceae	Thalassiosiraceae
scientific_name		Chrysidiastrum caudatum	Chrysidiastrum catenatum
scientific_name		Chrysoflagellat	Chrysophyceae
scientific_name		Mouegotia	Mougeotia
scientific_name		Flagellates species incertae sedis	Flagellates
scientific_name		Unicells and flagellates species incertae sedis	Biota
scientific_name		Unicells species incertae sedis	Biota
scientific_name		Prostomes	Prostomatea
scientific_name		Fragilaria ulna var. ulna	Fragilaria ulna
scientific_name		Proboscia alata var. indica	Proboscia alata f. indica
scientific_name		Spathulodinium pseudonoctiluca	Spatulodinium pseudonoctiluca
scientific_name		Peridiniella catenat	Peridiniella catenata
scientific_name		Telonema antarcticum	Telonema antarctica
scientific_name		Rhizosolenia setigera f, pungens	Rhizosolenia setigera
scientific_name		Phalachroma rotundatum	Phalacroma rotundatum
scientific_name		Chaetoceros cf. seiracanthus	Chaetoceros seiracanthus
scientific_name		Prasinophyceae (Micromonadophyceae)	Prasinophyceae
scientific_name		StrobilidiumÂ spiralis	Strobilidium spiralis

### IFCB

scientific_name			Snowella/Woronichinia	Cyanophyceae

unit		ind/l or 100 um pieces/l	Individual per litre or 100 micrometre pieces per litre
